Fill out the main readme.md for test workflows shared (#4)
populationgenomics/test_workflows_shared: README.md

</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#background">Background</a> •
  <a href="#key-features">Key Features</a> •
  <a href="#how-to-use">How To Use</a> •
  <a href="#editing-in-an-ide">Editing in an IDE</a> •
  <a href="#related">Related</a> •
  <a href="#license">License</a>
</p>

## Background

> Could we add a little extra clarity in the readme in terms of the purpose of what this repo allows you to test (for example why you'd want to pull a particular image tag? e.g. to test a dev build of cpg_flow)

Author: Woops

# Run the test with the bash script
$ chmod +x run-test-workflow.sh

# See the notes below on how to find a valid path/tag.
# The default path is australia-southeast1-docker.pkg.dev/cpg-common/images/cpg_flow:0.1.0-alpha.14
$ ./run-test-workflow.sh --image "australia-southeast1-docker.pkg.dev/cpg-common/images/cpg_flow:<tag_id>"
```

> You should receive a job url from the `analysis-runner` output, if the job was created successfully. This job should spin up additional jobs that can be found from the `/batches` page on Hail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the job is successfully created, the analysis-runner output will include a job URL. This driver job will trigger additional jobs, which can be monitored via the /batches page on Hail. Monitoring these jobs helps verify that the workflow ran successfully. When all expected jobs complete without errors, this confirms the successful execution of the test workflow and indicates that the cpg_flow package is functioning as intended.
```

### Notes

> * Having the option to run this pipeline on different tags of the `cpg_flow` image, is valuable for testing unmerged functionality in the `cpg_flow` repository. You can always default to a recent release tag to test with a stable version of the  `cpg_flow` image.
> * You will need a valid tag above, which you can find from the most recent [`cpg-flow` docker workflow](https://github.com/populationgenomics/cpg-flow/actions/workflows/docker.yaml) runs, under the `print docker tag` job of the workflow. Be mindful of the use of `images` vs `images-tmp` which usually contains test images that are pruned fortnightly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Testing with Different Image Tags**: Running the pipeline on different tags of the cpg_flow image is valuable for validating unmerged functionality in the cpg_flow repository. To ensure stability, you can default to a recent release tag when testing with a stable version of the cpg_flow image.

* **Finding a Valid Tag**: A valid tag can be obtained from the most recent [cpg-flow](https://github.com/populationgenomics/cpg-flow/actions/workflows/docker.yaml)[ Docker workflow](https://github.com/populationgenomics/cpg-flow/actions/workflows/docker.yaml) runs. Look under the print docker tag job of the workflow. Be mindful of the distinction between images (stable) and images-tmp (test images pruned fortnightly).
```

> * You will need to have `analysis-runner` installed in your environment. See the [analysis-runner](https://github.com/populationgenomics/analysis-runner) for more information or install it with `pipx install analysis-runner`.

Reviewer: I think we should move this to the top, rather than a note at the bottom.

Reviewer: hmm this was only meant to be a comment on the analysis-runner line, not the rest.
